Add image caching suggestions for more dynamic updates on first frame (#182)
farcasterxyz/docs: docs/reference/frames/spec.md

Clients may resize larger images or crop those that do not fit in their aspect ratio. SVG images are not because they can contain scripts and extra work must be done by clients to sanitize them.

> Images can be utilized to offer more dynamic first frame experiences:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frame servers can use cache headers to refresh images and offer more dynamic first frame experiences:
```
